bpo-42960: resources module, adding RLIMIT_KQUEUES constant from FreeBSD (#24251)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2021-01-18-21-07-20.bpo-42960.a7Dote.rst

> Adds RLIMIT_KQUEUES constant from FreeBSD to the resources module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds :data:`resource.RLIMIT_KQUEUES` constant from FreeBSD to the :mod:`resource` module.
```

> Adds :data:`resources.RLIMIT_KQUEUES` constant from FreeBSD to the :mod:`resources` module

Reviewer: please put a trailing dot to your sentence (and fix the typo in the module name)
